There are three main problems as mentioned in the comments to the authors
1. To do this kind of study you need to apply various doses to be able to deduce
significant information. This paper just seem to repeat the experiment in one of the
cited papers with a different material.
2. Practically there is no discussion, only some statements hanging in the air.
3. The most troubling is that although they cite another paper with a similar
experiment they never mention or discuss the different results.

In my opinion this paper needs a real major overhaul and more experiments.


Reviewer #1: (Previous Version)
Abstract
1. On my opinion, sentences "have been corrected for the effect of series resistance
(Rs)  and excess cpacaitance (C0) to obtain the real capacitance of the diode" and
"The C-V and G-V characteristics of the diode indicate very strong irradiation
dependence."  are unnecessary.

Introduction
1. The introduction does not clearly state the problem and includes repetition of
some information.
2. The report Trefilova et al.2001 does not contain the information about 4H-SiC
Shottky rectifiers.
(In reviewered manuscript: "The effects of high dose gamma ray irradiation and
high-energy proton irradiation on 4H-SiC Schottky rectifiers have also been
investigated  by Kim et al. and  Nigam et al., respectively,  (Nigam et al., 2002;
Trefilova et al. 2001).")
3. Some mistakes are present (e.g, "Ocak et al. (Ocak et al., 2010) reported  the
effect of 60Co <gamma>-ray irradiation on the electrical characteristics of the 
Sn/ZnOA/n-Si  device at room temperature. They calculated the values of the Schottky
barrier heights from the C-V  characteristics as 0.98 and 0.88 eV at 500 kHz before
and after electron irradiation, respectively.")

Results  and Discussion
1.The experiment conditions ("at 500 kHz, at room temperature and in dark") should
not be repeated so often in theSection "Results  and Discussion".
2. The accuracy of the parameter determination is absent in the manuscript (both in
the text and in the Table 1.) and so many digits after the decimal point is used.
3. The measured capacitance and conductance in accumulation are used in eq. (1), but
Fig.4 is plotted for accumulation, depletion and inversion region.
4. The authors can not talk about "with increasing irradiation" or "while the
irradiation dose increases" because only one dose (11.4 kGy) is used.
5. If "<epsilon>i<epsilon>0" is used in equations then <epsilon>i=3.2 and
<epsilon>s=11.8, not <epsilon>i=3.2<epsilon>0 and <epsilon>s=11.8<epsilon>0. And
"<epsilon>i<epsilon>0" must be used in (5) and (10).
6. It can be seen (Fig5,a) that Cc,acc changed after irradiation. Therefore dorg
must change too (from 21 nm to ~25 nm). But reason of this phenomenon is not
discussed in manuscript.
7. The method for correcting non-linear 1/C2-V characteristics does not explained in
detail and the nature of the excess capacitance is not discussed.
8. The unclear procedure is used:
Step1: Dependence   C vs (Vd(!!)-V) is plotted and C0 is determinated;
Step 2: Dependence 1/(CC-C0)2 vs V is plotted and Vd (!!!) is determinated.
9. Equation (8) is incorrect and EF is not "the energy difference between the bulk
Fermi level and valance band" for n-Si.
10. The term "kT/q" should be present in (7) if accuracy about mV is used for <PHI>b
determination.
11. The authors have not indicated completely how the results relate to earlier
research.

Figures
1. The range of the axes on the Fig.2, 3, 4, 6 can be chosen better.

References
1. Several references are not accurate completely (e.g. Ger, 2008): some journals
use paper number instead pages.

Reviewer #2: (Previous Version)
First of all there are some format problems with the paper. The figures are not
consistent, some of them have the y-axis in the middle of the x-axis, others have it
at the left side of the x-axis. The ones with the y-axis in the middle should be
converted to the standard format with the y-axis at the left end of the x-axis.

I have not gone through all the references checking if the coordinates are correct,
but found that Gulu 2008a has the wrong volume number, 4 instead of 41. I strongly
recommend that the authors thoroughly check the reference list.

There are few grammar/style problems. For example on page 8 in line 13 it should be
". has a peak" instead of ".consists of a peak".

The main problem is that the paper presents lot of equations and calculated values,
but it is short on discussion. For example they mention that there is a peak in
Figure 4 but there is no explanation given for that. They say that the interface
traps passivate (sic) with increasing irradiation dose, but no discussion is offered
why it is happening. Another statement say that the ionized donor density decreases
with irradiation dose due to the recombination-generation through the interface
states in the interface and cites Gulu 2008a. I looked up this paper and did not
find a detailed explanation that backs up the above statement. Also, this seems to
somewhat contradictory to the previous statement that the interface states decrease
with the irradiation. Usually, the apparent decrease of the doping concentration in
semiconductors is due to traps created by displacement damage. In this case there is
no displacement so I would like to see some more detailed explanation.

There is one thing that really disturbs me. The authors cite Gulu 2008a, which is a
paper on a similar experiment (although the organic material is different) but they
never mention that this paper presented quite different results. Especially, Gulu
2008a found that the Schottky barrier decreases with irradiation and the serial
resistance increase. These are just the opposite what this paper's authors found. I
would accept this result with some discussion but the fact that they forgot to
mention the discrepancies is troubling.

Another problem I have with the paper is that they used only one dose for the
irradiation and then they make statements like this and that increases/decreases
with increasing radiation. They can only make a statement between non-irradiated and
irradiates samples. How do they know that for example the series resistance does not
have a maximum or minimum as the function of the radiation dose?

What I would like to see in the revised manuscript is:
*        Additional measurements done with several doses (it is really easy just irradiate,
measure, irradiate, measure, etc.) to show the trends.
*        Much more discussion of the mechanisms that lead to these changes, even detailed
speculations would do.
*        An explanation why their results are the opposite of what was presented in Gulu
2008a.
*        Review the reference list for errors.
*        Thoroughly read the manuscript for grammar mistakes or odd sounding sentences.